"640K ought to be enough for anybody." (Bill Gates, 1981)
"A newspaper is a collection of half-injustices"
"All my hidden skills are undiscovered." - Clinton
"Are your cookies made with real Girl Scouts?"
WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is?
A big enough hammer can fix anything
A bird in the hand is a big mistake
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer
A dry sense of humor is better than slobbering everywhere
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein
Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache
Age and treachery beats youth and skill
Smile - it makes people wonder what you're up to
Am I ignorant or apathetic? Don't know, don't care!
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature
Any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy
ASCII silly questions and you'll get some silly ANSI
Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air
Call me if you need my phone number
I know Karate and a few other foreign words
Cats are smarter than dogs. Eight cats won't pull a sled.
Chemists don't die, they just stop reacting
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours
A credit card owner is a member of the debt set
Criminal lawyer is redundant
Cross river then insult alligator
Despite the high cost of living it remains popular
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Molecular biologists wear designer genes
Do not look into laser with remaining eye
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them
Radioactive cats have eighteen half-lives
Witches use spell checkers
I always hit the nail right on the thumb
Loaning money causes amnesia
Every silver lining has a cloud around it
Every step you take becomes a twist of fate
Every valuable idea offends someone
Everyone is a genius at least once a year
Fools and their money become popular quickly
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy
How did I get round from eating square meals?
I now have 42 years experience at being 18
I am not young enough to know everything
I came, I saw, I confused
I don't have a solution but I really admire the problem
I don't have all the answers, just those that count
Now that I have a firm grip on reality I can strangle it
I haven't lost my mind, it's backed up on disk
I took an IQ test but the results were negative
I like your approach, now let me see your departure
My learning curve has turned into a circle
I think, therefore I am, I think
I thought I was a wit but I was only half right
I tñld yoñ, "Neverñtouch ñhe flopñy disk sñrface!"
I was on a roll until I slipped on the butter
I was so much older but I'm younger now
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way
I'm in shape because round is a shape
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing
I'm not spoiled. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes
I've met zucchini with more potential
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't more people happy?
If things improve with age I must be magnificient
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights
It's not a bug but an undocumented feature
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere
Life is short, eat dessert first
Live long and prosper - but don't tell the IRS
Lots of people make sense, I want to make $$$
Love is grand. Divorce is twenty grand.
Madness takes it's toll. Exact change only.
Minds, like parachutes, work best when open
Money is like a promise, easier made then kept
Money talks - mine says "Goodbye"
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once
My body is here, but my Mind's on vacation.
My boss is tempermental.  50% temper and 50% mental.

My wife loves ME--it's the computer she hates!
Network management is like trying to herd cats...
Never fight with a bear in his own cave.
Never hit a man with glasses.  Use your fist!
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter
Never trust a person who says, "Trust Me"....
New religion? I haven't used up the old one, yet!
Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
No Credit, Bad Credit? No Problem. No Money?  Problem.
No, no, nurse! I said SLIP off his SPECTACLES!!
Objects under T-Shirt are larger than they appear.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of 'em.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most!
Of course I have backup tapes!  Do you want last years?
Philosophy:  unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Please affix a 29-cent stamp on your next message.
Please save the above drivel for future reference!
Please type your Bank PIN number in your reply again.
Politicians are like diapers, they need to be changed often.
Politicians cut red tape....LENGTHWISE
Polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree.
Pornography? I don't even have a pornograph!
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Programmers don't get sniffles, they get a CODE.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out!
Public Restroom-The only place a flush beats a full house
Purranoia: the fear one's cats are up to something.
Put on your seatbelt. I'm gonna try something new.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Resist everything but temptation.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts. Blew a fuse.
Runtime Error 6D at 417A:32CF: Incompetent User.
Santa uses 'The Club' in New York, a vest in Florida.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seeing is believing, Touching is convincing..
Send $20 and I will doubble your IQ or no money back
Send me a dollar and I'll send 3 cents to your charity.
Sharks don't eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
She said she had nothing to wear.  I smiled.
Shock me, say something intelligent!
Should we tell the children when we move?
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Solve the problems of the world: Vote anarchist.
Some days you're the windshield, some days the bug.
Still sliding down the razor blade of life
Stipulation #1:  There will be no stipulations
Stop talking!  I'm out of aspirin!
Success is just a matter of luck.  Ask any failure.
Sure I can help you out!  Which way did you come in?
SWF, blonde bombshell, seeks man now.  No SYSOPs.
System halted.  There is NOTHING you can do.
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Take no prisoners, we can't feed them.
The above opinion is worth 2 cents.
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit you.
The check's in the mail... Trust me!
The earth is 98% full. Please delete anyone you can.
The girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print.
The man who dies with the most toys is dead..
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The Negative orgasm:     "Oh no, Ohh nooo, OH NOOO !"
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
The tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin.
The wise open their minds, but a fool opens his mouth.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
There are no bugs, only unrecognized features.
There is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear.
Things working well, no problems.  Time to upgrade.
This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
This is your brain.  Postscript on brain your is This.
Those with the weapons make the rules.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Tip #9: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
To err is human. To moo is bovine.
To every exception there is a rule.
To get a loan you must prove you don't need it.
To get the point, rub a porcupine backwards.
To hell with criticism.  Praise is good enough for me.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet!
To test a man's character, give him power.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high--ranking official.
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Took an hour to bury the cat.  Silly thing kept moving...
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Unfortunately, Wife 1.0 is not upgradable
Unsolicited advice answers unasked questions
Unzip, expand, explode... What pervert came up with this?
Veni, vedi, VCR:  I came, I saw, I dubbed.
Want to confuse people?  Quote from the wrong message!
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
We have no solution, but we sure admire the problem.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We're all sitting in the same boat: I fish, you row.
We're lost but we're making good time.
Well, to be frank, I'd have to change my name.
What are the instructions doing in the trash??
What are you looking down here for?  Read the message.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What is this tiny hole in the bathroom wall for?
What part of "NO" didn't you understand...?
What principles?  I'm trying to get elected!
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
When a girl goes bad--men go right after her.
When all else fails, read the directions.
When all else fails, read the manual.
When all else fails, spend money!
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
When all is said and done, more is said then done.
When an Agnostic dies, does he go to the Great Perhaps?
When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
When I want your advice, I'll beat it out of you
When in doubt, mumble.  When in trouble, delegate.
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
When your IQ hits 21, SELL!!
Who is General Failure, and *WHY* is he reading my disk?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why get even, when you can get odd?
Wife to sleeping spouse: "Wake up! Who the hell is Tina!!?"
Windows speed tip: type DEL \WINDOWS\*.*
Without my ignorance, your knowledge would be meaningless
Women prefer the simple things in life...MEN!
Women take to good hearted men. Also from.
Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Women who wear mini-skirts sure are cheeky folk.
Women! Cant live with them, Cant live with them!
Words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them.
World Ends at 3pm; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News....
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would you like to have some pizza with that sausage?
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can go home now, I can finish this without you.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
You can pick your friends, but not your relatives.
You can send me to college, but you can't make me think.
You CAN trust the government...ask any Indian.
You can turn ANY conversation into one about sex!
You can't do that. It's been digitally cursed.
You go to heaven...God sneezes... What do you say?
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn
You have only a very small head and must live within it.
You have PMS and a Handgun?  I'll go quietly.....
You have the right to remain silent....  USE IT!
You have to be sharp to be on the cutting edge.
You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
You look like a million dollars.  All in loose change.
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
You used to be indecisive.  Now you're not sure.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be told about it tomorrow.  Go home and prepare
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will never be younger then you are today..
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You're always seated by a crying child during long flights.
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You're not old, You're chronologically disadvantaged
You're only young once.  You're immature forever.
You're PC if you think a "chick" is a baby bird.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
Your aims are high, and you are incapable of much.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
Your boss is thinking about you.
Your ex just called....she's with the IRS now.
Your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!
